hey here's something I would like robert
muller to investigate i for whatever
reason i have been come the victim of a
unusual prank multiple times now a few
years ago on April Fool's Rihanna
colluded with my own wife to sneak into
my house in the middle of the night and
jump on my bed and wake me up and that
was fun but then a year later Britney
Spears pulled the same stunt she stormed
into my bedroom with the team of dancers
and it scared the crap out of me again
and I thought that was that but I guess
this is a series now because the other
night
yet another music superstar barged into
my dreams this time I was the victim of
a very loud young woman named Miley
Cyrus
[Music]
we Leakey guess who it is
Jenny good morning
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
it tastes really good if you want to
lick the sledgehammer it's kind of my
thing
Thanks you're welcome you can keep all
the rubble you got me right in the balls
I hit him in the balls of this legend
[Applause]
sleep tight all right guys thanks so
much
[Applause]
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed